If you are never saying no, if you're
never setting the boundary and saying
until here and not any more, if you are
not saying enough is enough, you are
allowing more of it. And you are not
making space for anything new to come.
You are saying, "Hey, I'm fine with
being mistreated. I'm fine with being
miserable in that situation in my life
because it's comfortable and I don't
want to change. Hi guys, welcome back to
my channel. My name is Michaela and
today I want to talk about detachment
and settling because those topics are so
prominent in so many lives of especially
women and also for me I can tell you I
have been in situations in many
situations especially in a relationship
in my past where I thought I'm fine like
I'm fine with being mistreated I'm good
because it comfortable and I was
settling for something that was draining
me from the inside and I thought I truly
thought there is nothing better I can
get and only after I let go of that
relationship I made space I made space
for something better to come. I made
space for a relationship that truly
nurtured me and my needs. I made space
for realizing that life is not about
suffering and also I made space for that
partner realizing what he had with me
and wanting me back. First of all I want
to talk about detachment. Detachment is
so important because when you are
attached to something you lose your
power over anything. Now imagine you are
depending on your partner emotionally,
maybe even financially, and you're not
even in power because your partner can
literally decide if you feel good or
bad. Because everything in your world is
about your partner. And once your
partner does something that hurt you,
once your partner starts saying he will
might leave you, once your partner does
anything that doesn't align with your
values, you have to swallow it down
because you're depending on him. You
have to even swallow down your sadness.
You have to swallow down your emotions
because you simply do not want to lose
this person because that partner is your
whole world. If you're attached to a
situation, you cannot live without that
situation. You can be depressed. You can
be miserable by losing that one
situation. Let's say you're living with
your family and you are attached to that
situation. Even though your family is
toxic, even though your family is not
doing you any good, but you stay there
because you are attached to that
situation. You see how dangerous and
risky it is to be attached to something
or even to materials. If you are
attached to something like a phone, if
you're attached to a TV, if you're
attached to some jewelry, your emotional
well-being is attached to something
materialistic. So if someone comes and
steals this thing from you, if someone
comes and breaks your TV, if someone
comes and and drops your phone, you will
be distraught because you are so
attached to that one thing. And as I
said, when you are attached to
something, you are powerless. You are
not saying no to what is crossing your
boundaries. you are not stepping out of
that situation because you're so
attached. So you prefer to be drained,
to be mistreated, to be in a really bad
situation because you're so attached to
it that you are not even seeing how bad
it actually is. And that brings me to
the next point. Because of this
attachment, we are also attaching
ourselves to versions of people. Let's
say you have a partner and you have that
version of your partner in your head
that is overgiving, that is super nice,
that is super loving, that is your
perfect husband, that wants kids, that
wants a marriage, that wants to take
care of you, that is simply the perfect
partner. But the reality shows
completely different. The reality shows
that your partner is lying to you. The
reality shows that your partner is not
loyal. The reality shows that your
partner is not wanting to take care of
you. The reality shows that your partner
is obviously not able or not wanting to
give you what you need. But your head,
your mind is so strong because you're so
attached to that version that you have
of that person. Maybe your partner
actually was like this in the beginning
of your relationship that is mostly then
called narcissist. Or maybe you just had
that imagination, that picture of your
partner from the beginning because you
fell in love so deeply and you created
that ideal version. You had those pink
glasses on and this version keeps
sticking with you because you think this
is the person you fell in love with. But
the person you fell in love with is an
illusion. Like this image that you have
in your head doesn't actually exist
because your reality shows you
differently. And I'm pretty sure your
head will start now to say, "Oh, but
he's not like that. He has always an
explanation for why he's lying to you.
He has always an explanation for why
he's not transparent with you. He has
always an explanation why his followers
went up. But baby girl, I want to ask
you a question. Are you aware? The more
you allow this to happen, the more you
say yes to something that doesn't do you
good, in the end, you are the one who
feels distraught. You are the one who
sits at home crying every other week,
every other day, not feeling loved, not
feeling seen, not feeling taken care of,
not feeling like you are in the right
relationship. So I'm asking you to ask
yourself are you aware that whenever you
are saying yes to a person or a
situation or a moment or a treatment you
are not only saying yes to this exact
moment. You're also saying no to
something else that can come. Whenever
you are in a situation where you are
being brought down here. Let's say you
are here right now with your partner
with that situation. You both are here.
But you what you actually want is here.
You want to be treated with kindness.
You want to be treated with love. You
want to be taken care of. You want to
have a partner that is transparent and
loyal with you. Your partner is here and
he's obviously not willing to give you
what you need up here. And every time
you're asking for him to come up here,
he gives you excuses and logical
solutions and logical reasons why you're
asking for too much and he draws you
back until here. The problem now is you
are not happy, right? You stay here.
Him, he feels comfortable because he
doesn't need to give more and you are
still staying with him. Maybe he
actually loves you. But he sees, okay,
every time I just talk, she will come
down to my level. Why should I do now
more when she's accepting also less?
She's just talking when she wants more.
So you're back down here, right? Imagine
one day this person, this partner down
here says to you, "I want to leave.
We're done." He's leaving, but you stay
here. The next partner you attract will
also be here again. And this cycle will
continue until you understand, hey, wait
a second. I need to stay up here. And
once you are here, once your standards
are up here, he will either realize, oh,
this girl is leaving me if I'm not
stepping up, or he will fall away easily
without drama. He will fall out from
your life. And then you make space for
someone that happily comes up here,
maybe even here because he wants to
bring you higher. So you need to always
have this example in your head because
it's truly hurting me to see other women
accepting the bare minimum, accepting
less than what they want and thinking
because I accept it once, I need to stay
here right now otherwise I need to leave
this person immediately. Perfect would
be leave a person that is mistreating
you immediately. But I know from
firsthand it's not always that easy. You
cannot always just decide I'm going to
leave when you are already so much in
love with a person and with that
illusion that you have of a person. So
the best thing you can do is to simply
start raising your standards. And if
that person down here is actually loving
you, is actually not wanting to leave
you, is actually your person, he will
come up to here. He will pick you up
here. The main point here is that it's
not his mistake and it's not your
mistake. But you two are in synergy with
this dynamic and this relationship and
this situation. It doesn't even need to
be a romantic relationship. It can be a
friendship. It can be a family
situation. It can be any situation, any
relationship, any moment in your life
where you know this is not what you
actually want and you're trying to make
your illusion be louder and make
yourself believe, yeah, but maybe this
is right for me. Maybe this is my
person. Maybe this is how it's supposed
to be. But no, honey, it's not. It's not
supposed to be like that. Once you have
that small voice in you saying you, is
that really my person? Is that really
the life I want? Is that really the
situation I want to accept in my life?
Does that really make me happy? Once
that little tiny voice is starting to
talk in yourself, you know that
something is not right. You know that
you are in a wrong situation. You are in
a wrong partnership. you are with the
wrong partner, but also you know you
accept it. You are the one accepting and
attracting more of that into your life
until you say no, not anymore. And you
can do that at any time in your life.
Just because once you accepted the bare
minimum, even if it's the same person,
you can always always raise your
standard. You can always come and say
listen not anymore. I want my
relationship to be like this. I want to
be respected like this. And actually
don't say much. Sometimes all you have
to do is to leave because especially men
they do not act on words. Men act when
they realize the actions are the truth.
when they realize, I'm going to
lose this girl and I actually love her.
I actually need to step up to keep her.
The whole truth about this settling that
you do is because it feels comfortable.
No shame, baby girl. No shame on that.
We are all doing that in bigger and
smaller situations, circumstances in our
lives because as human beings, we are
beings of comfort. We are beings of
routine. We like what we know and
everything we don't know, everything
that is in the unknown is uncomfortable
first of all and is scary and is
something we want to avoid. That's
completely normal. The only problem here
is when your mind starts to create an
illusion of a person that is not the
truth that doesn't align with what
actually happens in your daily. That's
the problem because you are destroying
your life. You are wasting your time and
you are also wasting the time of that
other person because that other person
if you believe it or not your partner
believes that you are always here
doesn't matter what he does doesn't
matter what's happening you are by his
side and that can be amazing when you
are with a partner that understands the
value of you in his life but with a
partner that doesn't want to give you
what you need that doesn't understand
what you need that is immature. You have
to set boundaries. You have to make it
clear. You have to say listen until here
and not anymore. You are allowed to grow
and outgrowing. And once you have growth
in your life, in your personality,
you're outgrowing naturally places,
people, situationships, relationships,
habits, and even old parts of yourself.
When your old version of yourself was
accepting the bare minimum, was
accepting to be mistreated, was
accepting to be screamed at, to be
abused. From today you are a new version
and you don't have to accept that
anymore. From today you can say listen
friends I don't want to have anything to
deal with you anymore because you guys
are not aligning with what I want in my
life and what I am doing right now. You
can do that whenever. You can do that
without even a reason because this is
your birthright. Your birthright is to
have the best life possible. Your
birthright is to be happy, to be
fulfilled, to live a life full of love.
Like a baby, you were born as a baby
full of love. There was nothing but
love. A baby doesn't know of luck. A
baby doesn't know of ego. A baby doesn't
know of comparison. A baby doesn't know
of mistreating someone. A baby doesn't
know of abuse. A baby is pure and that's
how you were born and that's what you
should keep all your life as much as
possible. I know it's impossible to be
like a baby all your life but you can
keep some of the attributes of a baby
that is pure love because only the ego
is the thing that is telling you you
can't get better. Only your ego is
telling you it's fine to be mistreated.
Only your ego wants comfort over growth.
Only your ego is your enemy. And once
you know that, you also stop pointing
the finger on any situation or person,
which doesn't make it right. Nobody that
is mistreating or abusing someone, no
situation like that is justified.
But you are also part of it. You are
part of the problem and you're also part
of the solution. Another thing is that
sometimes we feel saying no is limiting
us, is limiting
our experience of life. But saying no is
actually not closing doors. It's
actually opening the right doors. So
whenever you are setting your boundaries
and saying no to this, you are saying
yes to this. Saying no is not a
punishment, is not being mean, is not
being selfish. It's something you have
to do to protect yourself and to create
the life you actually want. For example,
if you keep saying yes to a job that is
not good for you, a job that drains you,
a job that doesn't make you happy, but
you are every day choosing to go there
and do that job and put all your energy
in it, you have zero space to say yes to
something else. There is zero space to
say yes to another job. There is zero
time even to invest in anything else
because you keep saying yes to something
that keeps you down here. You need to
say first of all no. Even if that makes
you feel uncomfortable, even if that
brings you in a situation that is
uncomfortable. But once you say no to
here, guess what? An opportunity pops up
here and you can say yes here. Two weeks
later, you get another opportunity here
and you say yes to here and finally you
feel aligned. That's also why detachment
is so so important because when you're
detached from those situations, those
moments, those partners, those
friendships, you can say more easily no
to what doesn't align with you. And you
can also let go more easily because you
have your own life. You are not
depending emotionally, financially or in
any other way on anyone or on anything.
Because of that, the most important
thing you need to learn as a woman is to
be independent emotionally and
financially. That gives you so much
freedom of your life. That gives you
freedom of being who you are and being
accepted as who you are. You never need
to settle for anyone if you have your
own life. If you are so invested in
yourself, you're invested in how you
look, how you feel, what you do, your
job, your hobbies. You have no time to
over obsess on something or someone that
is draining you. Everything that is
draining you is
literally falling away from you. I'm not
saying just ditch everyone. What I'm
saying is raise your standards. Put all
that energy into you. Put all that light
back into you. The illusion that you
have from other people, from situations,
from your family, from your partner, put
that illusion back on you. The only
illusion that is good for you is the
illusion you create about yourself.
That's the energy you put in. And that's
where all your focus goes. When all your
focus goes to you, other people can
either rise up to you and meet you where
you are or they fall away without drama,
without you having to do anything,
without a lot of pain. You just grow and
people either grow with you or they
naturally fall away from you. And
another super important thing is that
your standards are reflecting exactly
your self-worth. So if you keep your
standards low, that's how much you are
your self worth. You can say, "Hey, no,
I'm worth so much. I love myself. I
respect myself." But your words only
mean that much. If you accept behavior
towards you that is
disrespectful, that is draining you,
that makes you feel sad, you are not
respecting yourself. You do not think
much of yourself. You make yourself even
smaller just to accommodate people who
treat you badly. And that should be the
last sentence today that should stick in
your mind. Anyways guys, I hope so much
that this could help. I know we have
been all in situations where we stayed
for too long because of comfort. But I
want that this video is your wakeup
call. I want you to realize what's
actually happening. I want you to open
your eyes and shut that illusion because
you are worth so much more. I am doing
this video to help you. And even if it's
just one of you, even if this message is
just receiving one woman out there,
realizing her worth, realizing that she
is settling for two less, that's what I
am here for. That's what I am brought on
earth for. That's why I'm doing what I'm
doing. And I'm grateful for that. Even
if it's just one person. Thank you so
much for watching. I see you in my next
video and I love you so so much.
Bye-bye.
[Music]